>> Melkey: That's the entirety
of the course as it stands.
And I think we've done quite a bit.
The first kind of section of the course,
we really looked into preliminary go,
introduced syntax to go for some people
who maybe never written go before.
And then we actually just from scratch,
created this entire project
with an API layer and app layer,
a middleware, entire routes,
a way to roll your own auth and
handle the tokens with migrations,
composing it with tests, and
there's quite a bit more.
But with all that,
it was awesome having to do this course.
And if anybody has any questions,
I'll gladly answer them and
help anyone out through that.
>> [APPLAUSE]